The general can experience this vision board, this ultimate vision board,
the ultimate thing is a show and movies and stuff like that.
Is there anything that you have made manifest that's actually happened because
of this vision board?
Yeah. Yeah. My house, one of my first major vision board things,
I put that when I didn't have a house living in my apartment and, uh,
what it does for me is just kind of, it focuses me.
It gives me a direction instead of this being this guy who doesn't have his
hands on the rudder or the, or whatever, the thing that steers the boat. Um,
and so like, I was like, oh, I want to get this house.
And so in order to get the house,
I had to stop just like not paying attention to my money.
I had to stop just buying random sneakers every week I had to start being like,
okay, I need to build my credit.
I have to pay these old bills from when I was 20 and didn't pay those off
because I didn't think I'd ever had money.
So who cares if I skip out on this rent, you know,
I have to go back and undo all these things so that I could get to that ultimate
vision of getting the house. And then we ended up, I had,
I had my house for two years now. I love it. I put that I wanted to be on Reno,
nine 11 and there. And I taped that. I don't know if I got cut out or not.
Cause it's, you know, six minute quippy thing. But, um,
a lot of things I put on my vision board ended up happening. That's.
Interesting.
You say that you had to go and like redo things that you up.
Like what made you, what brought you to that decision? Well, it's just.
That, um, if I wanted to move a lot of ways in my life,
the same with my like, dealing with, with my ex-wife and things like that,
I had to go to therapy. I had to start, I wasn't trusting anyone. I was like,
anyone who wants to hang out with me,
it's just because I have a little bit of money or because I've been on a couple
of shows or done that. And which is so ridiculous. Like no,
most people don't even know me, you know? So,
but then some people did and then sometimes that would happen.
People will be hanging out with me just because they thought I could introduce
them to a fun party or someone else cooler than me.
And I had to stop looking for that and being so worried about
that. And I had to go undo just a mindset.
I think this rapper, I also really like Waka Flocka, flame,
many people talk about this.
I just changed my mindset from a survival mindset to a thrive mindset of like,
oh, I am okay. I am fine. So I can go ahead and just take care of this business.
I'm going to get more work.
I'm going to get more jobs because I've proven myself. It's not a fluke.
You know, it's not a one, it's not a mistake that they made in hiring me.
They, you know, I'm, I'm going to be here. What.
Made you, like, what, where did,
what did you come up with this idea to sort of correct your mindset?
Was it just like realizing personally that the way you were looking at things
was wrong or did you read something or.
It's mostly the things in my life were getting better,
but I wasn't getting happier. Uh, I had more money.
I hadn't anything I could buy video game wise, all that stuff.
I was having a bunch of sex, but I wasn't happier. I was still lonely.
I was still like,
I'm not doing all the things I wanted to do. I was,
I was chasing things just for money, you know? Um,
and so I had to just kind of take a step back and go like, okay,
like don't just chase every single thing. You see,
figure out what you really go back to. Like when you started stand up, I'm like,
what do you want?
And all I wanted when I started stand up was to be able to pay my bills and do
the things I want to do. And that hasn't changed. Was this a gradual process?
Yeah, for sure. For sure. Probably a couple of years.
So you just realized, was it like you were sitting in,
this was not from reading,
anything's just from you recognizing that something was wrong.
I mean, where can I,
something was wrong in me and me watching the people around me,
me watching, um, people with more success than me, me watching,
just seeing that like, oh, like, okay, I feel this way.
And I have this little bit of money with it, but maybe if I get more money,
I won't. But then meeting people with millions of dollars and being like, oh,
holy. Like some people still don't have their together,
no matter how much money they have.
And some people know who exactly who they are and they know what they
want there, they are happy within themselves.
And I want it to be that.
That's very interesting that you recognize it and made the adjustment. You know,
that's a sign of a strong mind. You, you were,
you were able to recognize that the current patterns that you were operating
under were weren't, they weren't fulfilling your needs.
So you had to like assess, but then also move forward and make a change.
Does very difficult thing to do.
Yeah. It's difficult. But coincide with weight loss. Um,
it was probably a little.
Bit after the weight loss,
but that's the weight loss kind of gives me the motivation for it. You know?
Like my whole life has been motivation for every other step I take, you know,
like I came from just being a college dropout with son who was when I was 20,
he was diagnosed with autism. I was 23. I didn't have any money.
My ex-wife was more of a albatross around our thing. Like, you know,
I have full custody of my son. So it was just like,
I got to figure this out.
And once that we had a little apartment and everything, I was like, okay,
well I figure this out. I get my health together. And that was a big one.
Cause my, my doctor even told me, she was like, you know,
there's so many people I tell all the time, just diet, exercise, diet, exercise,
you need to lose weight. You need to get better. You're going to die.
I tell this to people all the time and you go, you know how many,
my patients have done anything about it. And then she says,
you that's it. You're the only one that I know that I've talked to about this.
Who's just done it through diet and exercise. So you ever, she was just like,
you have a strong mind. So I took that to heart and I was like, well.
If I can do that, if I can lose 140 pounds throwing,
you know, I would workout throw up in my, you know, again this morning,
my trainer, he was just like, all right, you throw up let's can you breathe?
All right, let's get back at it. You know,
you know where a lot of times people would throw up and they'd be like, okay,
well that was enough for today. You know, he, he would never push.
He told me day one, he was like, you're, you're a very strong man.
And we're going to just unlock what you've been covering up with bad decisions.
That's uh, it's so true what your doctor said. And it's so interesting.
When you think about the goals that people have, like one of the major goals,
if you asked Americans, like, what do you want to do besides be successful,
have a family have a career. They want to lose weight.
But what I said at the beginning of this podcast,
you've done one of the most difficult things a person could do.
Cause you didn't just lose weight. He lost a load of weight and he kept it off.
And that to me is so it's such
a, it's the craziest thing is, cause it's like, it's not like gaining weight,
right? Like gaining weight requires you've got to eat all that food.
Like you gotta, like, you gotta really get after it.
Like if you really want to gain weight, man, you gotta put on that. You know,
you got to be there to eat. You got to get it done.
People have no problem with that. You know? But the not eating,
you're literally asking someone to not do something,
just don't do something and it's harder to do than to do something.
Yeah.
And then the exercise is maybe even harder to do than to not eat.
Those are two really difficult things to do that you need to do both of them in
order to really get your health in order, in order to really lose weight.
And everybody knows it. Everybody knows it, but nobody does it. Yeah.
And then they always want to know what's the trick. What's the trick.
What's the trick.
No trick pro there's no trick because the.
Walk through that door, especially with exercise, it is just like a door. Like,
and that's what my wife said to me. She goes like, oh, you went from she's like,
you were a guy who didn't exercise.
And now you're a guy that exercises she's like,
there's no part of you that gives up and goes, oh, this is hard.
Why am I doing this? She's like,
this is what you do because this is what you do.
And the hardest part is making that transition because you go through that first
three weeks and you're just like, I hate this. Why the am I doing it?
You're looking at us. You know, back when we could go to gyms,
you're looking at other people going, oh,
well they're attractive and this and that. And I'm like, yeah.
And I'll never be like that, you know? And you just got to get rid of all that.
I hate that. I hate it when I see that in comedy, because I just mostly,
because I'm used to, I go, I know where it comes from.
And I had that in myself when people were like, I don't exercise. I don't know.
And they're so proud of it. You know? I'm just like, well, okay, well,
I'll see you in 10 years when you've changed your mind and are you just aren't
successful. So, you know, that's your thing.
That's the only thing I would tell young me and like everything I've done,
I'm like, well, that's my process. And I'm glad everything.
I wouldn't change a thing. The only thing I would have done told young,
maybe like, Hey, if you want to be successful, you just gotta be healthy.
So just get good at it. Yeah.